Patient 7 started 1981-07-22

0:00

Hello. Hello? Hi. Hi. Is this air phone?

0:11

Yes, speaking. This is doc Patient 537. Okay. Okay. Hi, Patient 536. How are you doing? I'm all right. How about you? Fine. Thank you. So, yeah, I was trying to reach your office because I would like to check with them. They're able to contact the cancer appointment with a cancer program or cancer treatment.

0:31

Mhmm. And they say, I mean, it's best cancer, I mean, best breast health or wellness center will do. So I called them, and they say they didn't schedule anything yet. And they I mean, when everything all the results coming, then only they will think about the future step. So my question is, should we be able to I mean, like, if I try by my own, I I don't know whether it's gonna be working. So this cancer program center, since you do have at least couple of the results ready, and I don't know whether there is a long delay to get the appointment, especially my wife. I mean, day by day, it's

1:20

Getting worse and red and to I mean, problematic pain, everything is there. And now almost there is no treatment except the pain. So is it possible to from your office to contract the cancer clinic to have an Okay. Appointment. Right. MRI, we are still waiting for the MRI, I guess. MRI done on eighth. So, hopefully, say, for example, doctor, give me in two, 2024-11-15, whatever the appointment is, we get it early, then in the meantime, probably the MRI is gonna be there as well. Right. Because they said that, yeah, we they wanted us to schedule the tests, and we did. They said once they all this is complete, then we will ask the the cancer clinic to see.

2:11

Um, let, yeah, let me see if we can call the cancer clinic or breast clinic and get this thing rolling for you. Okay? Please. Okay, because he is, I mean, covering too much right now. I know that sometimes he says,'Okay, looks like a needle can solve the problem because everything could be bothering side, and everything is gonna go out. I don't know.' Uh, and it's, uh, giving pain and also too much problems. So, uh, right now, almost we are not doing anything. So if the cancer clinic, that appointment, at least set it up. In the meantime, put the MRI there. So, um, I can at least one step in.

2:52

Okay, let me see what I can do.

Transcript ended 2020-02-12

Subjective:

- Presenting Complaint: Phone call from husband (air phone) requesting assistance with expediting cancer clinic referral for breast concerns

- Symptoms: Breast becoming progressively worse, red, painful

- Duration: Day by day worsening

- Current Management: Pain management only; no active treatment at present

- Additional Concerns: Husband reports patient has expressed concern that needle aspiration may help if contents are causing symptoms




Past Medical History:




Objective:

- MRI completed 2001-09-06; results pending




Assessment & Plan:

1. Breast concerns - pending cancer clinic referral

- Investigations planned: Awaiting MRI results

- Referrals made or recommended: Will contact cancer clinic/breast clinic to expedite appointment