Transcript started 1987-01-14

0:00

How's your birthday? Ah, I don't know.

0:10

0:30

Beautiful. One thirty-four over eighty-four. You said 2009-07-15? 1999-05-25.

1:11

Oh, do they not send reports to My checkup before? Did you send it? Yeah. That would be it. Yeah. 2021-12-13. Or could have been 2012-04-25. Could have been yeah. I'm not really sure. It was the beginning of 1989-02-24.

1:51

And visit is not. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, blood pressure is good. And since the last visit, which would have been 2023-11-14. Yes. Yes. Mhmm. Plantar fasciitis you came in with. We we said thick sole shoes or orthotics and ice packs, and we ordered the EMG study for your possible carpal tunnel. Correct? And

2:31

You had the EMG study on 2016-11-20. It says that the above study shows moderate to severe carpal tunnel in the right wrist and mild on the left one. These findings are supportive of carpal tunnel syndrome. So the the right is bad. Wonder why I would get it on the left because I'm why would I even get it on the left? Because I don't I'm not left handed. Well, over time, it's some type of activities work, but that's not bad. Yeah. This one is, though. How bad is an amnesting blane? And this is what I was gonna say. After I stopped playing that puzzle game I told you in here, like, I was I started getting it when I was playing this puzzle game

3:20

Every day for, like, 1982-10-16 or so at night. When I stop playing that, I rarely get it now, but it doesn't reverse. Right? Like, if I have it, I have it. Right. So have you tried the brace, like a wrist brace to Oh, I I tried wrist at 1998-02-12 a couple times when I was having it, but I'm not getting any pains at 1987-01-08 or anything anymore. Okay. Well, I mean, the option is the surgery. But if you have your I mean, again, the surgery will decompress that nerve under that tunnel. But, I mean, that's that that that will help with the numbness and tingling. But if you have no symptoms, then the option is either to go and see the surgeon or wait it out. Yeah. But waiting it out, I know my sister waited 1983-09-13, but hers was bad. She wore a thing all the time. And then she had the surgery, but she never got full feeling and everything back because she waited too long.

4:09

But what I'm saying is if I'm not getting the pain or symptoms getting the pain, I can you can yeah. You can say, hey. Send me to the surgeon, and I'll send you to the surgeon. Yeah. But or do you recommend because it says mild to No. It says moderate to severe. Yeah. That's mild. Yeah. So moderate to severe. Do you recommend that I do get it? Well, if if it is bothering you, then that definitely. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Shall I put a referral through in case so that you have it it won't be 1999-04-26 anyways. Yeah. So at least you're in the queue. Okay. Yeah. I guess so. That's what I was gonna ask you. Sure. Because it can't get better. Like, if I stop It can get symptomatically. Yeah. It won't bother you as much. Yes. Mhmm. But

4:51

Inflammation is a bit low, then yes. Yeah. But then I can't play that game. Right? It was just it's just a swiping puzzle game, but for 2025-03-25, I'm going like this all the time. That's why you're in yeah. Then then it gets inflamed. Right? And then you then it starts boom. Right. Right. That makes sense. Mhmm. That's that's all adding up. Yeah. Mhmm. Alright. So the mammogram is fine. Eh? Yeah. Oh, is it? Yeah. I never got the results. Oh, good. Uh-huh. Good. That's all I have for you. Okay. So the question is, shall I ask Doctor. Garage to see you? He's a surgeon for this kind of stuff. But if he sees me, I mean, he's not gonna do any tests. He'll just wanna do it. Right?

5:32

Right. So you'll say, hey. When do you want surgery? Then you can tell him when do you want surgery? Yeah. So, yeah, is it go ahead and do the referral or no? I'll call you and then you do the referral. I really honestly, like, if I was having all the pain now, I'd say, yeah, I want it done because it was almost unbearable at night. Or like I said, now I'm not getting it out. So you want to wait it out? Well, but can that make it worse? That's what I'm saying. What can it Well, if you're going to repetitively use it a lot, then Yeah. Possibility there there is a potential. Yeah. And that's you know, I don't know about the future how it's going to go. But Right. But is I mean, it is moderate. If it becomes moderate, the symptoms may not be as bad. But if it is on

6:15

Inflamed, then symptoms will pop up. Right? Right. Right. So the question is, are you ready for surgery? If you say yeah, um, again, mind you, it won't be 2018-01-24, it won't be 2016-02-13, probably it will be 1999-09-16. But once it comes, then you go and do the surgery. But if you Patient 513, I want to wait as when the symptoms appear,' then, then I will wait and not do till four. Yeah. Okay. So you don't think there's any harm in me waiting? Yeah. Okay, let me put it this way. Are you going to use this hand a lot? Well, I'm gonna... I'm stopped doing all the puzzles and everything. I would like to be able to do them again, but I need to- You can do the surgery. Yeah.

6:55

Are there any, like, things that can happen wrong when they do the surgery? The surgery. Yeah. They're he's going to talk to you about things can get wrong. Yeah. So if you book a referral and I go there and I don't want to have the surgery right away, is that okay? Yes. Then then he'll say, okay, call me when you're ready. Then we have to do the same thing again. Yeah. He'll say I'm just wasting this time. I mean, I mean, if if you're a hundred percent sure, like, in 1999-06-08, you're not going to get the surgery, then I would bother sending the referral. Because then if you say no to him, then the next appointment may be delayed. Right? Yeah.

7:35

Yeah. Yeah. So if that were you and you had those results, what would you do? Well, it depends how bad the symptoms and what I'm trying I want to do in 1970-11-23. Right? Yeah. Yeah. If you say if you say, oh, yeah. I can I can live the wild life as it is and have no symptoms, then, yeah, wait. If you say, no. I want to do this. Yes. This this this Okay. Well, then do your surgery. Okay. Okay. Okay. What? Do I surgery? Well, no. I was gonna say, I guess I'll wait, but I don't wanna wait and have permanent damage. That's all. Like, like Patient 1094. Like I said, Patient 1094 still, you know, it's a lot better for her, but she's still Well, there sure will be some kind of residual effect left.

8:18

But for, like, 2005-11-10, she wore a thing. Like, 1977-01-24. But, like, I don't. So Patient 4 So you decide, Patient 917. You tell me what to do. I'll do it. Okay. Oh, gosh. I have so much going on right now. Why don't you go and see him? Okay. And talk to all these questions about the ornament and stuff, and then decide whether you want to go further or not. Okay? Okay. Alright. And I wanna tell you, I fell down the stairs the other day. Patient 4 I have hard on the stairs, and I fell onto the ceramic floor, and I was trying to protect myself when I fell, so I put my hand up here, and then my shoulder and my back hurt. How long ago was that? About a

8:58

2001-12-25. Okay. And, uh, but I've had two hip replacements, right? So now I notice, but I'm hoping it's not like I'm in pain, but I just feel different. Like when I'm walking, sometimes it's uncomfortable. I feel on the right side. Yeah. And I'm thinking, is it something that I should be concerned about, or do you think it could heal? I'm just wondering if I could have dislocated something. If it is dislocated, you won't be able to walk because limited mobility. Yeah. Because if it's it's it's it's not doing this motion. But if you have a pain and if you think it's ouchy certain movements, you can do it. Then yes, x ray is an answer. Yeah. If you say, oh, no, I don't I can do everything, anything and.

9:38

It's just the discomfort, then it could be just the muscles. Okay. Well, then I'll wait because I am go like, I'm walking, and it and it's one of those things that you know that it just doesn't feel right. Like, it's like I never noticed this hip, and I never used to notice this hip bothering me when I'm walking, but now, like, I do Let's say you're walking. Oh, yeah. But I walk fine because I have had two hip replacements. So Walk on your tippy toes. Come back. On my tippy toes? Yeah. Walk on your heels. On my heel. Okay. Can you squat down? Yeah? No no discomfort. No nothing? Nope. Lose my balance. I I think it'd be fine. Yeah. Yeah. Just that. Just If it gets worse, then call it X-ray. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Wonderful. I'll call you with the appointment with Doctor. Garage. Okay. Thank

Transcript ended 2012-05-10

Transcript started 1978-01-20

0:00

How's your birthday? Ah, I don't know.

0:10

0:30

Beautiful. One thirty-four over eighty-four. You said 1974-01-30? 2017-09-08.

1:11

Oh, do they not send reports to My checkup before? Did you send it? Yeah. That would be it. Yeah. 1973-03-19. Or could have been 1993-02-19. Could have been yeah. I'm not really sure. It was the beginning of 2015-11-30.

1:51

And visit is not. Yeah. Okay. So yeah, blood pressure is good. And since the last visit, which would have been 1981-03-27. Yes. Yes. Mhmm. Plantar fasciitis you came in with. We we said thick sole shoes or orthotics and ice packs, and we ordered the EMG study for your possible carpal tunnel. Correct? And

2:31

You had the EMG study on 2019-05-01. It says that the above study shows moderate to severe carpal tunnel in the right wrist and mild on the left one. These findings are supportive of carpal tunnel syndrome. So the the right is bad. Wonder why I would get it on the left because I'm why would I even get it on the left? Because I don't I'm not left handed. Well, over time, it's some type of activities work, but that's not bad. Yeah. This one is, though. How bad is an amnesting blane? And this is what I was gonna say. After I stopped playing that puzzle game I told you in here, like, I was I started getting it when I was playing this puzzle game

3:20

Every day for, like, 1975-06-20 or so at night. When I stop playing that, I rarely get it now, but it doesn't reverse. Right? Like, if I have it, I have it. Right. So have you tried the brace, like a wrist brace to Oh, I I tried wrist at 2005-05-07 a couple times when I was having it, but I'm not getting any pains at 1990-07-26 or anything anymore. Okay. Well, I mean, the option is the surgery. But if you have your I mean, again, the surgery will decompress that nerve under that tunnel. But, I mean, that's that that that will help with the numbness and tingling. But if you have no symptoms, then the option is either to go and see the surgeon or wait it out. Yeah. But waiting it out, I know my sister waited 2015-12-03, but hers was bad. She wore a thing all the time. And then she had the surgery, but she never got full feeling and everything back because she waited too long.

4:09

But what I'm saying is if I'm not getting the pain or symptoms getting the pain, I can you can yeah. You can say, hey. Send me to the surgeon, and I'll send you to the surgeon. Yeah. But or do you recommend because it says mild to No. It says moderate to severe. Yeah. That's mild. Yeah. So moderate to severe. Do you recommend that I do get it? Well, if if it is bothering you, then that definitely. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Shall I put a referral through in case so that you have it it won't be 1985-07-26 anyways. Yeah. So at least you're in the queue. Okay. Yeah. I guess so. That's what I was gonna ask you. Sure. Because it can't get better. Like, if I stop It can get symptomatically. Yeah. It won't bother you as much. Yes. Mhmm. But

4:51

Inflammation is a bit low, then yes. Yeah. But then I can't play that game. Right? It was just it's just a swiping puzzle game, but for 2008-12-26, I'm going like this all the time. That's why you're in yeah. Then then it gets inflamed. Right? And then you then it starts boom. Right. Right. That makes sense. Mhmm. That's that's all adding up. Yeah. Mhmm. Alright. So the mammogram is fine. Eh? Yeah. Oh, is it? Yeah. I never got the results. Oh, good. Uh-huh. Good. That's all I have for you. Okay. So the question is, shall I ask Doctor. Garage to see you? He's a surgeon for this kind of stuff. But if he sees me, I mean, he's not gonna do any tests. He'll just wanna do it. Right?

5:32

Right. So you'll say, hey. When do you want surgery? Then you can tell him when do you want surgery? Yeah. So, yeah, is it go ahead and do the referral or no? I'll call you and then you do the referral. I really honestly, like, if I was having all the pain now, I'd say, yeah, I want it done because it was almost unbearable at night. Or like I said, now I'm not getting it out. So you want to wait it out? Well, but can that make it worse? That's what I'm saying. What can it Well, if you're going to repetitively use it a lot, then Yeah. Possibility there there is a potential. Yeah. And that's you know, I don't know about the future how it's going to go. But Right. But is I mean, it is moderate. If it becomes moderate, the symptoms may not be as bad. But if it is on

6:15

Inflamed, then symptoms will pop up. Right? Right. Right. So the question is, are you ready for surgery? If you say yeah, um, again, mind you, it won't be 1996-03-11, it won't be 1995-08-04, probably it will be 2005-06-21. But once it comes, then you go and do the surgery. But if you Patient 513, I want to wait as when the symptoms appear,' then, then I will wait and not do till four. Yeah. Okay. So you don't think there's any harm in me waiting? Yeah. Okay, let me put it this way. Are you going to use this hand a lot? Well, I'm gonna... I'm stopped doing all the puzzles and everything. I would like to be able to do them again, but I need to- You can do the surgery. Yeah.

6:55

Are there any, like, things that can happen wrong when they do the surgery? The surgery. Yeah. They're he's going to talk to you about things can get wrong. Yeah. So if you book a referral and I go there and I don't want to have the surgery right away, is that okay? Yes. Then then he'll say, okay, call me when you're ready. Then we have to do the same thing again. Yeah. He'll say I'm just wasting this time. I mean, I mean, if if you're a hundred percent sure, like, in 1995-05-22, you're not going to get the surgery, then I would bother sending the referral. Because then if you say no to him, then the next appointment may be delayed. Right? Yeah.

7:35

Yeah. Yeah. So if that were you and you had those results, what would you do? Well, it depends how bad the symptoms and what I'm trying I want to do in 1993-10-12. Right? Yeah. Yeah. If you say if you say, oh, yeah. I can I can live the wild life as it is and have no symptoms, then, yeah, wait. If you say, no. I want to do this. Yes. This this this Okay. Well, then do your surgery. Okay. Okay. Okay. What? Do I surgery? Well, no. I was gonna say, I guess I'll wait, but I don't wanna wait and have permanent damage. That's all. Like, like Patient 1094. Like I said, Patient 1094 still, you know, it's a lot better for her, but she's still Well, there sure will be some kind of residual effect left.

8:18

But for, like, 2025-08-09, she wore a thing. Like, 1979-04-07. But, like, I don't. So Patient 4 So you decide, Patient 917. You tell me what to do. I'll do it. Okay. Oh, gosh. I have so much going on right now. Why don't you go and see him? Okay. And talk to all these questions about the ornament and stuff, and then decide whether you want to go further or not. Okay? Okay. Alright. And I wanna tell you, I fell down the stairs the other day. Patient 4 I have hard on the stairs, and I fell onto the ceramic floor, and I was trying to protect myself when I fell, so I put my hand up here, and then my shoulder and my back hurt. How long ago was that? About a

8:58

2006-08-13. Okay. And, uh, but I've had two hip replacements, right? So now I notice, but I'm hoping it's not like I'm in pain, but I just feel different. Like when I'm walking, sometimes it's uncomfortable. I feel on the right side. Yeah. And I'm thinking, is it something that I should be concerned about, or do you think it could heal? I'm just wondering if I could have dislocated something. If it is dislocated, you won't be able to walk because limited mobility. Yeah. Because if it's it's it's it's not doing this motion. But if you have a pain and if you think it's ouchy certain movements, you can do it. Then yes, x ray is an answer. Yeah. If you say, oh, no, I don't I can do everything, anything and.

9:38

It's just the discomfort, then it could be just the muscles. Okay. Well, then I'll wait because I am go like, I'm walking, and it and it's one of those things that you know that it just doesn't feel right. Like, it's like I never noticed this hip, and I never used to notice this hip bothering me when I'm walking, but now, like, I do Let's say you're walking. Oh, yeah. But I walk fine because I have had two hip replacements. So Walk on your tippy toes. Come back. On my tippy toes? Yeah. Walk on your heels. On my heel. Okay. Can you squat down? Yeah? No no discomfort. No nothing? Nope. Lose my balance. I I think it'd be fine. Yeah. Yeah. Just that. Just If it gets worse, then call it X-ray. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Wonderful. I'll call you with the appointment with Doctor. Garage. Okay. Thank

Transcript ended 1972-09-16

Subjective:

- Follow-up visit; blood pressure check

- Plantar fasciitis - previously advised thick sole shoes/orthotics and ice packs

- Carpal tunnel syndrome - EMG study ordered at last visit

- EMG completed 1990-12-04: moderate to severe carpal tunnel rt wrist, mild on left; findings supportive of carpal tunnel syndrome

- Symptoms have improved since stopping repetitive puzzle game (swiping motion for 1+ hr 2007-05-20); rarely gets numbness/tingling now

- Tried wrist brace at 1995-07-01 previously when symptomatic; no current night pain

- Fall down stairs 1984-10-15; fell onto ceramic floor, put hand up to protect self

- Shoulder and back hurt after fall

- Rt hip discomfort when walking since fall; feels different, uncomfortable; never noticed this hip before

- Concerned about possible dislocation given history of bilateral hip replacements

- Sister Patient 1094 had carpal tunnel surgery after waiting 2022-06-04; still has residual effects




Past Medical History:

- Bilateral hip replacements

- Plantar fasciitis

- Carpal tunnel syndrome




Objective:

- BP: 134/84

- Gait: walks on tippy toes and heels without difficulty

- Squat: able to perform, no discomfort

- Balance: some difficulty with squat




Assessment & Plan:




1. Carpal tunnel syndrome, Patient 2456 (moderate to severe), lt (mild)

- EMG 2012-04-11 confirms diagnosis

- Symptoms improved with cessation of repetitive activity

- Referral to Dr. Patient 798 (surgeon) for surgical consultation

- Discussed surgical decompression option; patient to decide timing based on symptoms




2. Plantar fasciitis

- Continue thick sole shoes or orthotics

- Continue ice packs




3. Rt hip discomfort post fall

- Examination reassuring; able to walk on tippy toes and heels, able to squat

- Likely muscular strain

- X-ray if symptoms worsen




4. Mammogram

- Results normal




5. Blood pressure

- Well controlled