Transcript started 1970-12-08

0:00

0:10

Hello? Hi. Patient 1193? Yes. Doctor. Patient 767 calling. Hi. How are you? Good. How are you, sir? I'm good. I'm good. What am I doing 2018-11-04 for you, sir? Refills on my prescriptions.

0:31

The, um, excellent, the blood pressure meds and the, um, uh, the other one, uh, for cholesterol. All right. So I have your cholesterol, I have your, um, reflux pill, I have your blood pressure pill. How about that cream, the mimetasone? No? No. Just those three. Those are the maintenance ones I take. Right, right. And do you check, check your blood pressure? It's been good? Yes, very good, actually. And you take h- uh, two point five milligram, half of amlodipine a day, right? Yes. Okay, and where does the prescriptions go to?

1:12

Pardon me? Which pharmacy? Is it Costco? Oh, Costco. Yes. Okay. And you're not due for your blood test yet? No. Okey dokey. So I'll fax those prescriptions. Anything else? I still haven't heard anything about the MRI that you wanted me to go to [LOCATION] for or or excuse me. And they're supposed to call me. Right? Hold on. MRI. Was it of your lower back. Right? Yeah. Someplace in in is is there any way we could switch that to [LOCATION] instead?

1:57

MRI I heard in [LOCATION] is the is the quickest, but hold on. When when okay. MRI. Wait. That was for your prostate, though. No? Well, that was we were getting the MRI of the of my back too, my lower back because MRI. Yeah. Like, a problem I'm having. Yeah. Yeah. Of your lower back in in [LOCATION]. Yeah. You want me to try here in [LOCATION] rather? I I was

2:38

When I went to see the urologist, he said that the winds are tied in with the the cancer clinic, and it's it's 1977-03-09 you can get in. And he suggested where I'm getting my MRI done for my prostate is in [LOCATION]. He said that usually they're much they're they're not tied in with anything, so it's a much faster result. Let let me try and then chat them first. Okay? Okay. MRI dot at chatdom a s e to o Okay. I'm sending it right now. Okay?

3:19

Okay. Alrighty. I'll I'll fax those prescriptions then. Okay. So I just wait for them to call then. Right? Yeah. Call us back in 1983-08-06 if you haven't heard at least anything from either of us. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't heard anything about the ultrasound either for that I'm supposed to be getting. Now what That's been at least a couple of weeks. Ultrasound of what then? You were having an ultrasound done so that the the guy could do cortisone shot. Oh, yeah. In the left referral to be sent once ultrasound is in in

3:59

So when, when did you call them and make an appointment? What's happening? I w- I went right into the, uh, place here in [LOCATION], the, uh, uh, where you get the ultrasound, where ultrasounds are done, and, um, they put me on the list, but it's been 2001-10-06. I still haven't heard anything. Why don't we can you go to [LOCATION]? I can try there. Sure, I can do that. Because these guys are s- it seems like forever. So that was for your left hip, right? Um, we're doing both, I thought. No, the cortisone is in the, uh, both. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes, yes, yes. Yeah, he won't do anything unless he sees an ultrasound.

4:42

Hold on. So let's okay. So shall I do the ultrasound of both the hips then? Well, I think they need to do a comparison, don't they? Not for the ultrasound, but if you want eventually let's do one because otherwise they will put you again on hold. Let's do the left hip. Let's do the left hip. Okay. Okay. So what I'm going to do is I'm faxing them the requisition for the ultrasound Okay. To [LOCATION], and I'll give you the phone number to call them. Okay.

5:22

Okay, so the number is 2000-01-17 seven two seven. Seven two seven. Three nine nine three. Three nine nine three. Okay. And again, did they all call me for when when to go in? Which one? The ultrasound. No. You call them, and they'll tell you which one to go in. Okay. I Thank you. They would have your requisition, and I will call you for MRI.

Transcript ended 2018-05-16

Transcript started 1984-12-04

0:00

0:10

Hello? Hi. Patient 1193? Yes. Doctor. Patient 767 calling. Hi. How are you? Good. How are you, sir? I'm good. I'm good. What am I doing 2013-05-31 for you, sir? Refills on my prescriptions.

0:31

The, um, excellent, the blood pressure meds and the, um, uh, the other one, uh, for cholesterol. All right. So I have your cholesterol, I have your, um, reflux pill, I have your blood pressure pill. How about that cream, the mimetasone? No? No. Just those three. Those are the maintenance ones I take. Right, right. And do you check, check your blood pressure? It's been good? Yes, very good, actually. And you take h- uh, two point five milligram, half of amlodipine a day, right? Yes. Okay, and where does the prescriptions go to?

1:12

Pardon me? Which pharmacy? Is it Costco? Oh, Costco. Yes. Okay. And you're not due for your blood test yet? No. Okey dokey. So I'll fax those prescriptions. Anything else? I still haven't heard anything about the MRI that you wanted me to go to [LOCATION] for or or excuse me. And they're supposed to call me. Right? Hold on. MRI. Was it of your lower back. Right? Yeah. Someplace in in is is there any way we could switch that to [LOCATION] instead?

1:57

MRI I heard in [LOCATION] is the is the quickest, but hold on. When when okay. MRI. Wait. That was for your prostate, though. No? Well, that was we were getting the MRI of the of my back too, my lower back because MRI. Yeah. Like, a problem I'm having. Yeah. Yeah. Of your lower back in in [LOCATION]. Yeah. You want me to try here in [LOCATION] rather? I I was

2:38

When I went to see the urologist, he said that the winds are tied in with the the cancer clinic, and it's it's 1976-06-14 you can get in. And he suggested where I'm getting my MRI done for my prostate is in [LOCATION]. He said that usually they're much they're they're not tied in with anything, so it's a much faster result. Let let me try and then chat them first. Okay? Okay. MRI dot at chatdom a s e to o Okay. I'm sending it right now. Okay?

3:19

Okay. Alrighty. I'll I'll fax those prescriptions then. Okay. So I just wait for them to call then. Right? Yeah. Call us back in 2004-01-04 if you haven't heard at least anything from either of us. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't heard anything about the ultrasound either for that I'm supposed to be getting. Now what That's been at least a couple of weeks. Ultrasound of what then? You were having an ultrasound done so that the the guy could do cortisone shot. Oh, yeah. In the left referral to be sent once ultrasound is in in

3:59

So when, when did you call them and make an appointment? What's happening? I w- I went right into the, uh, place here in [LOCATION], the, uh, uh, where you get the ultrasound, where ultrasounds are done, and, um, they put me on the list, but it's been 2011-06-22. I still haven't heard anything. Why don't we can you go to [LOCATION]? I can try there. Sure, I can do that. Because these guys are s- it seems like forever. So that was for your left hip, right? Um, we're doing both, I thought. No, the cortisone is in the, uh, both. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes, yes, yes. Yeah, he won't do anything unless he sees an ultrasound.

4:42

Hold on. So let's okay. So shall I do the ultrasound of both the hips then? Well, I think they need to do a comparison, don't they? Not for the ultrasound, but if you want eventually let's do one because otherwise they will put you again on hold. Let's do the left hip. Let's do the left hip. Okay. Okay. So what I'm going to do is I'm faxing them the requisition for the ultrasound Okay. To [LOCATION], and I'll give you the phone number to call them. Okay.

5:22

Okay, so the number is 2002-08-17 seven two seven. Seven two seven. Three nine nine three. Three nine nine three. Okay. And again, did they all call me for when when to go in? Which one? The ultrasound. No. You call them, and they'll tell you which one to go in. Okay. I Thank you. They would have your requisition, and I will call you for MRI.

Transcript ended 1998-09-09

Subjective:

- Presenting Complaint: Prescription refill request for blood pressure medication, cholesterol medication, and reflux medication

- Blood Pressure: Reports blood pressure has been good

- Lower Back: Awaiting MRI of lower back; previously referred to [LOCATION] but requesting switch to [LOCATION] as urologist advised [LOCATION] has shorter wait times

- Prostate: MRI pending

- Bilateral Hips: Awaiting ultrasound for cortisone injection; placed on list at [LOCATION] location 2017-04-22, no callback received




Past Medical History:

- Hypertension - on amlodipine 2.5mg daily (half tablet)

- [LOCATION]

- Gastroesophageal reflux disease

- Lower back pathology

- Prostate condition - under urology

- Bilateral hip pathology




Objective:

- Telephone encounter; no examination performed




Assessment & Plan:




1. Prescription refills

- Treatment planned: Refill cholesterol medication, reflux medication, amlodipine 2.5mg daily

- Prescriptions faxed to Costco pharmacy




2. Lower back - MRI pending

- Referrals made: MRI requisition sent to Chatham

- Keith to await call from imaging centre; rtc in 1979-11-23 if no response




3. Bilateral hips - cortisone injection pending

- Investigations planned: Ultrasound left hip ordered

- Requisition faxed to [LOCATION]; phone number provided: [PHONE]

- Keith to call to schedule appointment




4. Prostate - MRI pending

- Investigations planned: MRI prostate pending in [LOCATION]