Patient 7 started 1986-02-02

0:00

Wow. Talk to me. Okay. So 2002-11-10, you cut your finger. Yeah. How what were you doing 1971-01-09? What how did this happen? Trimming the left index finger. Trimming the hedges with the Oh, in the yard.

0:16

Yeah, cutting in the yard. Huh. And I was holding a branch. I found the pom, pom tree with nice flowers, so I thought, well, I'll pull back the other branches and cut them. And so that happened, and it took me, uh, 1983-06-03 to to get bleeding because I started. So what what what it did cut you did cut through and through.

0:37

Oh, you did this way? Apparently, that's what he thought. So the nail's in half. The bone in there is broken, and- Bone is broken? Yeah. Let me put it this way. When the doctor came in and looked at it, he said,'Oh, that's worse than I thought it was gonna be.' Now, my daughter's with me, and she stands in for you and Patient 835, my daughter and Patient 338, because I was taking abuse, you know, which is you and Patient 338. So anyway, so then the doctor says that, that, that's worse than I thought it was, so he worked on it. Uh, I was trying to clean it and get it. You can't wrap with one hand, and I live alone, and the blood was all over, so it was wet. Mm. So I've got bandages, but bandages won't stick. Mm-hmm. So I'm wrapping, wrapping, wrapping. I finally got it, so-

1:20

Stop almost, but I it started to bleed, so I fixed it. I called 1981-12-09, and they said, well, you know, what are you gonna do? And I said, well, do I go to a clinic or do I go to an emergency? And they said, well, we can call an ambulance. And I'm saying I know a couple of ambulance drivers. I don't think they do anything medical normally. So they said, call eight one one. Eight one one? So I called 1973-09-19, which is a provincial. And I got a guy who put me through a ten minute questionnaire. Where are you? What do you your address, your medical number? And I've got, like, I'm I can't I'm getting blood dripping off the second bandage I put on. So he said, I'll have a nurse call you back. So I'm going, oh, when will that be? Didn't I Yeah. So this is 1976-12-20 by the time I got that far.

2:07

And it happened at 1973-02-18. Patient 2336 called nicely, and I had to answer a bunch of questions first. I got a test. She said, well, have you had a Tetanus shot? I have now. They gave me one in the hospital. Oh, they gave you one in the hospital? Oh, yeah. Okay. Anyways, so she said, you'll have to you have to see a doctor by 2013-12-11 because if there's some blood in there Yeah. I'm saying, okay. So I called my daughter. She took me to emergency. We were in there before nine o'clock, and so I got out of there at 1973-12-01 in the morning. So what did he do? What did the doctor do? Did he sew it together? Yeah. Well, yeah, he looked at it. He

2:47

He said, because a piece of meat is cut this way. It wasn't a piece of skin hanging. It was a meat hanging right from the bone out. I saw it when I was when I was trying to fix it. And he, uh, rinsed, he, uh, put freeze freezing. Have you ever had freezing? It doesn't. It's not pleasant. Oh, less than pleasant. He said, I'm sorry, you're going to be. This is going to really hurt. Uh huh. And he said, it should only be a couple or three, five because there was pieces all over, I guess, of the finger. So it hurt like I've never had that pain. He's he kept apologizing. Are you okay? I said, just do it. Yeah. Good. So he's doing my daughter's here smiling, of course. And, uh, so he gets it. He says, why don't we gotta go out across the hall and I rinse it in the sink. So he's holding my hand and it's blood. Oh, you know that. We got back and there's blood duh duh. He said he starts stitching. He starts stitching. He says it's going to take a few more than I thought. So he put five stitches in it.

3:45

So there are five stitches here? Oh, that's what he said. I didn't-- It looked like a spider. And- So you said it's a broken tooth? Well, you gotta read the report. It says a broken- I have a tail. Tail like something bone. Stable lucensi along the distal aspect of the distal phalanx may reflect a small fracture, non-displaced. Stay certain nonspecific densities- Yeah... within the soft tissues may reflect some small swollen bodies. There were teeny, tiny stuff, too, maybe branches. I had already rinched it. I had already rinsed it out twice, but he said,'We wanna X-ray it first.' So he did, and he said,'I didn't realize about a little bone on the end,' but that's the bone on the bone. That's the bone on the broken. But he said he put a splint on it.

4:26

Now the lucky part is, as the nurses were all first, he said, oh, it's worse than I thought twice. That doesn't leave first. Patient 835, who was a replacement for Patient 338, is standing beside me, and the nurse says, you really did a number on that finger. No kidding. So then she's wrapping. Ah. And then the other nurse, because she's wrapping it without any tape sticking on the skin, which is good. The other nurse came to help and said, you really did a number. And I'm saying, yeah. So I heard that three times between them, but my daughter's laughing, and the nurse is laughing. So it's wrapped up. It's here. She brought me home at 1981-03-23 in the morning, got me my antibiotic pills. Are you done with the antibiotics, the capsules? I've got enough for 1992-09-11.

5:10

Oh, so 2014-12-21 is 2025-03-11. 2010-11-11 and 1997-08-09. Yeah. And did you see the hand surgeon? No. He said he said no. He said he might need he said he's gonna call somebody. Right. I think he's waiting for you to see if I need to see a hand specialist. No. He said he's sending the referral to the hand surgeon. He said he was doing it, but I never got a phone call. I never got Based on the patient's current presentation, physical examination, I believe the patient is safe to be discharged home. I gave him instructions. Right? And then he said prescription he gave you the prescription for the antibiotics. Yes. A referral to the hand surgeon Never heard. For follow-up. The patient's expressed understanding and agreement, discharge understanding of these with the patient. So he said open fracture. There was an open fracture of the distal tuft and laceration, and that's it. Yeah. So he said I said, so who do I see? He said, never mind. I'm gonna call for the hand surgeon.

6:10

So I figured, well, maybe you do it from here. By the time I see a hand surgeon, they can't do anything about it. You'll probably be the one that fixed my trigger finger in 2002-09-12. Twenty four. So she he wants me to take the removal of stitches in 2003-01-27. So 1973-12-09 is 1981-03-29. Yeah. Well, 1993-10-16. Yeah. 1997-12-22 is six. 1987-11-27. Seven. So I thought, well, I called here, and they said, yeah. Now the beauty of it is that's my bandage I put on that. So who changed this bandage? Nobody. It's the same one. He said, just leave it Oh, it's the same one for the last one? Get it wet.

6:54

Now, they said you can cut it up because nothing's on the skin, so they don't have to pull my finger. Am I hurting you? No. Well, when I wiggle my finger, I can feel it hurts inside. You can probably cut it right up. Patient 4 Because the nurses said we're gonna get no tape, no tape on the, on the finger, so it doesn't right up there and cut it up. I don't want to hurt you. It won't hurt me. I don't want to hurt you. Just cut the whole thing open. There's noth- nothing sticking. There's nothing. It's all it's all just had it. What do you wanna do? Sit over there? Or Yeah.

7:34

How far is the splint goes? Just about to the end of the finger. Is it cutting okay? No. No? Oh, shoot. Because the idea was they took two of them because they didn't want any tape sticking to the finger. Because when they took me into triage, they taped they left that equipment taped it up with tape. And then when the nurse had me in the up in the emergency section, it took her 1977-11-29 to get the tape off with all sorts of liquid. Really? So the nurse said, we're gonna there's no tape. I said, so it's gonna be tape. She said, no. I don't know.

8:15

You're the doctor. I wasn't even looking. My grandson came over 2002-12-18 to cut the lawn for me. Yeah. Because I haven't You can't do you can't do those things now. No. I have enough trouble eating it. I know. Try and make a sandwich with one hand. But it hurt. The whole hand was sore. I don't know why. Yeah. So they did it with nothing sticking. Good. I said to the doctor, he said, your nail is split. I said, I know. I saw it.

8:56

But it's flat. It didn't lift up. He smiled and said, you're right. I said, that's a good thing. He says, you're right. He was a nice he was a nice guy about your height. Yeah. Short, vertically challenged? Yeah. Really? I said I said, you are. He said doctor Patient 2335. I said, oh, I said, you are he said call me Patient 90. Doctor. Patient 90. So you can see this now. Right? That shouldn't be stiff. It should be lying on it. They were really specific because it took so much to get the tape off. Everybody was nice. Yeah. They're all nice in their shirt. But when I found out there was no doctor on duty, I said, oh,

9:38

Oh, yeah. Get those. You're gonna have fun getting those. Get those babies out. You said there are five of them? So he told me. He said three and two. Ah, I see three down this way and two there. I don't know how you're gonna get them, but thank God that you're you're doing it, not me. If you cut me again, I'm gonna be really upset. Just fine. I'm okay. I trust you. You looked after Patient 338 so well and ate me a little bit. I've never seen you doing doctoring before. No? You just the first time? I think I think did you take I think you

10:18

Took the stitches out of Patient 338's back when they got gone. That would have been in 1993-12-12. How long has she been gone? 1978-02-28. So seven seven it'll be 2008-01-21 in 1983-01-17. Still miss her. Patient 2334. You have a girlfriend now? You keep asking. No. Just my neighbors. Alright. It might hurt a bit. I know that. Where do you want where would you want my hand? Laying flat somewhere? Do you want it rolling? Okay. Wherever you want it. You tell me where you want it. Patient 4 It was hard for me to get it. They had me trying to lay it this way. Patient 4 Move my hand, and I'll hold it.

10:59

Oh, good. And stay st- stable. I didn't know you were a real doctor. Uh, you know what I mean? I'm just laughing. Sorry, buddy. Sorry, I didn't feel it. The whole check. Nothing's, uh, painkiller. Are you a painkiller? Well, the painkillers that were in there, he put in there and freezing. It was really painful. Oh. Oh, he said,'I gotta do more.' He ended up doing five painkilling shots.

11:40

The problem is this one is twigged with the other one. Yeah. So I'll just not it twice. I can tell when We'll take we'll take our time. No rush. I won't tell him. Yeah. I can feel it. It's okay. It's only nothing compared to what it was. Didn't hurt when I cut it. I mean, I didn't feel it. Do you feel your fingers now, though? Oh, yeah. We tested it. We bent it. We touched it so I could feel it. He said it'll

12:21

She said I have whatever. When the freezing came out, I could feel it throbbing for 2016-11-28. Yeah. So are you on the pain pills now? No. I've never had pain pills. They didn't give you any pain pills? No. I took a couple of Tylenol when I got home 1976-05-27 to my daughter. Second. Well, she's my caregiver. She's on She lives with you now? No. No. She lives out in the county. I live on the loan.

13:03

Yep. I only have fond memories with Patient 338. I gotcha. Never any sadness about it. Just fond memories. And every now and then, she yells at me. You still you still hear her? Oh, yeah. She she I'm sitting talking with somebody on the phone, and I'll say, 1994-11-17. I I got a picture on my side on my map. I say, I got it. I heard you.

13:42

So when the doctor said,'Make your final plans in 2014-09-18 seven, 1977-01-21, two thousand and seventeen,'cause you got 2020-09-26, so I made all the arrangements and talking about where we're getting married.' She said,'I wanna make sure we're together always.' I said,'Okay.' She said that? Yep. She said,'I don't care where we go as long as we're together,''cause we've always been together. How many years? Fifty. 1970-12-22, fifty, fifty-five, fifty-

14:22

2005-10-20. So she's in my bedroom cupboard. I've got our condo already bought and ready for us. No place for the two of us to be put in. So she's where is she resting now? In my cupboard. In the cupboard? And she's she we have the ashes in my cupboard. Don't you have that proper stone and stone and stuff? I've got her in the cupboard. So when you so what would so what's the plan? When I die, I've already paid for it all. I go to the same funeral for her. It's already done and ready. Oh, it's all done? They I paid for it. It's all

15:09

Already, and I've already gone and picked out the, uh, the columbarium, which is an above ground for putting in things. It's on the fifth level, because the sixth level was too high for her six feet, so I only went five feet high,'cause she's five foot two. It's facing, uh, west, northwest. It's right on the edge of the, uh, funeral or the graveyard, right next to the woods, so it's peaceful. So we're both gonna go in there. All my daughter has to do is- So you have only one daughter? Yep, daughter and a son in BC. Yeah. So all they have to do is, uh, put what they want on the plaque. I've already paid for the plaque.

15:50

Well, for dates and put us in there, and we're together. One left, sir? Really? Mm-hmm. Whatever your beliefs or religion, it doesn't matter. We're together. So if there is another life, would you want her again in your life? Oh, yeah. Whatever I believe, let's see. We've been together, you know, we were together from... We didn't want to date when we first met, and we just used to go for walks, and somebody picked us up, and we were just friends. You never went to the dates with her? Well, we weren't. At first, we weren't dating. We were just... I'd go visit because it was a-

16:33

Fellow I worked with said, can I help him out? He said, what? He said, his future sister-in-law is annoying, which is Patient 338, because she didn't like him. Oh. And can I go with her, take her to the wedding and look after her? Yeah. I said, okay. So I met her. I drove me over, or I went there, met her there, and we talked, and that was it. And I didn't talk to her for 1991-04-24. And then the matter of her mother said, doesn't doesn't even call you. So I called her back and said, well, I'd like to come and visit. You wanna go for a walk? Went for a walk. She played hockey in the field in the on the ice.

17:14

She lived. So I went and watched Bayaki, and we got together, and we just went out to movies together, restaurants. Took her to the steakhouse. I'm dressed up in suits for the first three times. She said, we don't have to go to the steakhouse. I like tape, and I'm not wearing a dress again. She said, you know, go casual. So we were together, and that was it. Next thing you know, we we talked about family. Both of us had parents that died early. Oh, yeah? So we said, let if we let's if we get married, we want our children right away. She said, yes. I want them to have grandchildren so that we're young enough to be with our grandchildren, which they're 1979-01-10, my grandkids.

17:54

So it was there, and we just we just hit it off. We were together. Did everything together. Never took 2015-08-08. Never did anything except you've seen her together. She looked after me. She was a good wife, right? Yes. Life partner for sure. Even at the end, she was concerned because it was hard on me. You know? Hospital bed in my family room with the windows she could see. And with the she could see them, and she was Because it was COVID? No. She died in 1971-01-28. Okay.

18:34

No, it's just that she wanted to be at home, not go to go to not go to, uh, hospice. Yeah. She said it was like I don't know. You were a good husband, you know? No, I wasn't. And every time the doctors came and visited, they said,'Oh, you're so good. You do so much.' I said,'She don't have to for 1980-12-24. Come on.' Yeah. So the last time together was good. The doctor said 2020-07-29, and she lived 1991-06-04 that. Yeah, she lived after... I remember that. Yeah. Well, how's your father-in-law doing? He's gone. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, but it was a long time ago, and it, the same thing. Same thing. How's your husband? He w- he was really good. Yeah, I know that. You told me-

19:14

Is he okay now? Or Yeah. How long ago? Was that? How long did you go? Roughly. 1996-06-07. Oh, 2020-03-22? Or 2013-02-17. Oh, I'm sorry. It's done, buddy. So it's not that bad. It's not that bad. This You have to keep putting this, though. Well, okay. This piece here was hanging over here. Really? He did a good job, though. I like it. He did? Yeah. Here. You have to put this back. Oh, okay. Oh, oh, really? So I gotta have another bandage. Yeah. I'll I'll grab it. Because we have to immobilize this that fracture. This bone is here. Yeah. Fracture there. So how long is that gonna be, do you think? 2021-08-23, and we'll do another extreme treatment. Now if I leave it on there that long? What's that? I can't bandage it myself if it gets I just keep it dry.

20:04

Can I have a gauze? Yeah. I mean, like a wrapping gauze, like a wrap. Yeah. So it wasn't bad. They didn't tape it. Right. But when she was trying taken off of the triage, man, it was sticking it. It looks good, man. Really, really, really, really good. He did a good job. It was he was hard. He put, like, five freezings in there. So, anyways, I'm sorry to hear following up, but he was a long time. Yeah. I think it

Transcript ended 2006-09-29

Subjective:

- Presenting Complaint: Suture removal following left index finger injury

- Mechanism of Injury: Cut finger while trimming hedges in yard 1974-11-27; was holding a branch when cut occurred

- Initial Management: Bleeding difficult to control; called 911, then 811, advised to see doctor by 2015-04-26; daughter transported to emergency; seen by Dr. Patient 90; received 5 local anaesthetic injections; 5 sutures placed; tetanus vaccination administered; splint applied; discharged at 2016-03-03 with antibiotic prescription

- Post-Procedure Course: Throbbing for 1991-05-21 after freezing wore off; took Tylenol after discharge; completed antibiotic course (last dose 2022-09-13)

- Current Symptoms: Pain with finger movement; whole hand soreness; difficulty with 1998-08-21 activities including eating and making sandwiches




Past Medical History:

- History of trigger finger repair 2005-04-02

- Lives alone; daughter is caregiver




Objective:

- Wound Inspection: 5 sutures in situ (3 vertical, 2 horizontal); wound healing well; nail split but flat, not lifted

- Sensation: Intact to light touch and movement

- Suture Removal: All 5 sutures removed without complication




Assessment & Plan:

1. Open fracture of distal tuft with laceration, left index finger

- Diagnosis: Open fracture of distal tuft with laceration, left index finger

- Treatment: Sutures removed; wound healing appropriately; new bandage applied with gauze wrapping to immobilize fracture

- Referrals: Hand surgeon referral pending from emergency; no phone call received yet

- Follow-up: rtc in 1989-12-21 for repeat x-ray