Transcript started 2013-07-31

0:00

All right, Patient 1237, uh, I have you up here.

0:10

So that was for the ultrasound, right? Mm-hmm. For the abdominal pelvic ultrasound. And remind me, you- Why did we do that? Okay, so 2002-02-26, I had an ultrasound. All the organs were fine, but there was a small amount of fluid in my uterus.

0:30

So you said let's do a follow-up in 2025-02-18. So that's why I went for nonspecific flu pelvic fluid on ultrasound, and they won't have to repeat it in 2025-01-23, which was this. Do you have any pelvic symptoms? Do you have any vaginal dry discharge or bleeding or pain? No. Not no symptoms down there? No. Nothing. Oh, okay. I read 1976-11-09 that fluid in the uterus means a buildup of liquid in uterine cavity. That's it. It could signify hormonal imbalance, inflammation, scar tissue from a prior surgery, or a narrowing of the cervix.

1:12

So Patient 930, you never had any surgeries there, did you? Well, I had a I had a C-section. Right. And I've had a, um, um, my appendi- appendicitis. Yeah. Appendicitis. So nothing. The bottom? Nothing around there? No. Anyways, let's talk about this ultrasound. Um, so they did the ultrasound of your abdomen and of your pelvis, right? They did all the organs in your back, your heart. The whole thing. Everything. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So they, they said there were some plaques in the abdominal... There was abdominal-

1:53

Here, that the that's a big pipe that goes there is some plaque there. It's called atheromatous abdominal aorta, meaning it's plaque in the aorta, which is which comes with age. Like Plaque in aorta? Yeah. Is that the heart? That's the blood vessel. That's a big blood vessel that supplies the blood to rest of the body. It's a big, huge pipe that brings the brings the blood to the kidneys, the liver, and the whole gang. To all the organs. Okay. Alright. So pancreatic head and body is normal. The liver is normal with the patent portal vein demonstrating the anti-grade flow, but it has some steatosis, which is congestion. So let me draw it for you. Okay?

2:41

If I can find a paper. Now look. This is the liver. K? This is your food pipe. This is the stomach. Mhmm. That's your small intestine. Here is the pancreas. Here is the spleen. And here say this is the heart.

3:22

And there is the blood vessel, the big, huge aorta, the blood vessel that brings the blood flow to the parts of the body. Okay? Mm-hmm. So there is a cholesterol plaque, meaning the deposit of the cholesterol, which is called plaque formation of aorta. Okay? So far, so good? Mm-hmm. In the liver, there is congestion in the liver, meaning the blood flow is a little slower than it should be. We call that term as steatosis. It comes with the fatty liver, it comes with, uh, with, um-

4:03

Just aging, but no big deal about it. So far, so good. The problem which is there is some fluid around the the the heart a bit that's called pericardial effusion. We need to know why. I'm not sure why there would be a fluid in there. We'll come back to this guy in 2022-08-05. They're they're they they are saying questionable fluid around the heart. Patient 1236? Question. Question. Questionable. The reason is because it when they did an ultrasound, they did from abdomen down.

4:44

The heart is here. So it they did see some shadow because that was way above where they were looking at. But that's why they said they're they're not hundred percent sure about that. Okay. Let's keep going then. Then they they saw the gallbladder right here. Okay? Which is within normal limits. Your kidneys are normal. Kidneys are here. They are normal. No kidney stones or gallstones. So that's the tubes that comes out of the kidneys. You're still with me. Right? Mhmm. There's a bladder here.

5:24

Um, no aortic aneurysm, no fluid in the cavity. Then you have your pelvic area, which is the uterus. Uterus is sitting right in front of these organs. So this is the uterus. This is the cervical. This is the tubes. That's your ovaries. Right. Mhm. So the uterus measures about five to two centimeters. The endometrium measures about three millimeters which is all curved. Um the ovaries are not seen trans abdominally. Um then let's see.

6:04

So in summary, they said there is a fluid around the pericardium. Any corresponding symptoms or any signs of pericarditis and marginal steatosis in the liver? No stones are seen either in the kidneys or the gallbladder. So this the liver is not functioning a hundred percent? No. It's a functioning. That's that's just the congestion. There is a traffic jam. Traffic jam in the liver. Okay. The question, it will tell us whether the functioning or not part would be through the blood test, if your liver is up or not. So I think we did a blood test in 1973-06-28 for you. And

6:44

That that will tell us whether the liver is functioning or not. And your liver test was fine. It's functioning properly. So with that congestion, I wouldn't even worry. But the thing that we need to do more investigation with this guy here, the fluid around the heart. Now you don't have significant. Is it a lot of fluid? They said small. Small. We don't know. We need to do echocardiogram of the heart Okay. To know because we weren't even looking there when we did this test because we were looking down here. Right. Right. That's all fine, hundred and but this part, we need to figure out why there's a fluid around your heart. Will you be able to check? I saw Doctor. Patient 303. It's Doctor. Patient 303. Right? Patient 303.

7:27

How long ago was it? Maybe 1975-02-07. 1979-03-16? I don't know. It was that long ago. No. Not that long ago. Maybe a couple. Okay. Yeah. I mean, I had the heart monitor and the whole thing. Oh, you had all the testing? Yeah. Yeah. 1978-01-28. Okay. 2025-04-20. Did he do the echocardiogram too? Yes. Was it an echo, or was it a like, the second ultrasound? I believe so. Yeah. I believe so. Yeah. He did a transthoracic echocardiogram. He said, yeah. Normal diastolic functions. There was a small amount of fluid located adjacent to the right so that seems like there was back then too. A little. There too, it says very small, less than five to ten

8:18

MM, especially on the right atrium and right ventricle. He also did the stress echocardiogram where he had to run on the treadmill, it seems like. Yeah. And that was fine. There was no blockages or anything like that. So his assessment was that she has a history of high blood pressure. Presented 1990-01-23 with a complaint of chest discomfort, which was mild. That's the reason you saw him. Mhmm. He said, no. Her heart was fine. Her functions were fine. Her stress echo was no blockages. Her Patient 1235, you had a sleep he wanted to send you for some sleep study. Yeah. I did go. I re so he said there is a small pericardial effusion. The same thing. He did write. I reassured he said he told you

8:59

I reassured her that her small pericardial effusion, meaning the fluid around it is not expanding. Given this, no follow-up. So he thought it was you. Is it the same amount? Are they are they describing in my labs? We can't compare. You don't know. You don't. I don't know. We can't compare. This is the ultrasound of the abdomen. That's the ultrasound of the heart particularly. So it's two different things. So they gave you measurements. These guys don't give you the measurements. But how were they able to see the the fluid around the heart? If did they do the heart ultrasound? No. The big the big picture, they said, oh, there's little fluid around it. So that's saying, hey. There is a fluid you may want to talk.

9:40

May do more than they did not know we already have done these things prior. Okay. So, yes, they take the picture concerned about? I think we can just go back to him one more time, make sure that he can compare. There is no worsening of those that because as I said, there's no measurements in this one because that's not what they were looking to begin with. Right. But seeing this that he did see the fluid then, I think it's the same. It's not expanding that he said before as well. So it seems like it's probably going to be fine, but I think we should make a hundred percent. What would be the cause of fluid around the heart? Again, the yeah. It could be if if there is any blockage, if there is some kind of infection, if there is any inflammation going on. So he probably is going to repeat

10:27

Make sure it's not more than ten mms that he noticed back then. If it's not expanding, that's that's good. I probably will never know. Is it age that causes that? It's poss- well, again, if it is possible, maybe some kind of infection led to this, and it stays there for a long time. I don't know that answer. Okay. I really would. So the fluid in the uterus, nothing to be concerned about? Fluid, I didn't see the fluid in the uterus. Well, that was the reason you sent me. Oh, okay. But they didn't see this one, though. Oh, okay. The hair. Oh, right. That's the first one you mean. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So this one, they didn't even mention. Let me double-check and make sure it-

11:07

So uterus is measured five by two centimeters antiverted antiflex and the little bit of measures about three millimeter. Yeah, they didn't see anything about that. So there's nothing now. Correct. That's all I have for you. Okay. I have a question. Yeah. What is your thoughts on HRTs? Nine seventy. Just turn seventy. Why question? Question is, why do we want them? Well, what's the goal to achieve? Bone health. There are estrogen receptors in the brain that you

11:47

Estrogen will help. Bone health, card health. Oh, very, very, very, very bone health. What do you mean? Is your bone density scan low? It was low the last time we had it. What did 1996-09-01? What do you mean 1970-08-01? We did bone density maybe 2014-11-10, 2010-01-26. I'll check it. I have osteoporosis. Oh, you're on a medication for osteoporosis? No. I'm not because I don't want it. Oh, because that means I have to take a shot for the rest of my life, and I don't wanna do that. Yeah. We talked about that. Yeah. We did. Yeah. Yeah. And we talked about actually not too long ago. We talked about that in 1973-12-03. Maybe at my Patient, you said decline. Yeah. Because you had osteoporosis. I said

1976-05-10

But you said I don't if if we do it, there's no point doing it. If it's just a process, you didn't want to take any medication for that. Right. So we said, well, then so wait. So how would the HRT help the bone health when we have a weak bones to begin with? To strengthen the bones. And and I'm just a novice at this. I'm reading a lot of good and bad things about HRTs. Yeah. So I wanna get your opinion. I have two friends. They're both 2012-01-02, so they're they're significantly younger than me. Right. And they're both on HRTs Right. And will never go off. They love it.

13:10

The reason is why they're on it. Probably they have the most common reason is the hot flashes, the mood swings. So I can't sleep. Oh, I have I can't sleep because I have this big flash at 2018-09-06. Yeah. And then that's it. Yeah. So that makes a sense. Oh, I have vaginal issues and stuff like that. If those are the symptoms that we are going to treat, that makes sense. Yeah. If we are saying, oh, I'm going to build up my bones more with the HRT, not with the the other medication which are for the bone health, that doesn't make much sense to me at least. But if you say, oh, I have hot flashes, I have night sweats, I have vaginal dryness, I have sleep issues, I have this. Because at your age also

13:50

We are also putting some side effects there, right? Some like a like it's the the big ones are the arithmetic. Sometimes at this age, if you have a history of a high blood pressure on top of it, if you have a high risk, like high cholesterol or diabetes, not particularly you of a patient has all those risk factors, it does increase the risk of arrhythmias in the heart. Okay. So so and also then that's how I wanted to know. Or or or some people although I haven't seen much, but it can I think it's point three percent increased risk of breast cancer and clots and inchartic because it's hormones. Right? It thickens their blood, and that's what it sometimes.

14:30

Age especially. Okay. So do I have patients on HIT? A handful at your age, but mostly at that age group between fifty to sixty ish. I have a lot more there than Okay. There. Well, I mean, the the fact that you mentioned it about the heart, the arrhythmia, I I don't wanna take any risk. Patient 4 Okay. Then that's it. So can I ask Doctor. Patient 303 to see you again so that we can he can do more testing and help us there again? Alright. I'll call you with that appointment. Okay. Do you want a copy of these? The copy of that. Oh, yeah. That'd be great.

15:11

So the congestion in the liver is nothing to worry about because liver functions are higher. You're not a big drinker, right? I haven't had a drink in 2006-07-24. I quit drinking in 2026-04-15. Two drinks? Really? I quit drinking. I don't care. I want overall good health. Right. Right. Yeah. Alright. I'm printing that paper. You can come and follow me. Okay, baby. Thank you. Alrighty. Nice meeting you, Patient 168. You too. Again. Okay.

15:51

16:51

Can't go any farther. There we go. Should be 1994-09-25. She's in there looking for some food. I don't know what that is. Thank you. You're welcome.

17:31

Oh, you got me cookies. Yeah, yeah.

18:12

18:52

1991-08-02

26:03

26:56

27:36

28:36

29:36

Hey, buddy. How are you? Good. Good. Okay. I got three things. Hold on, my list. Hold on. Okay. Happy 2014-09-22, by the way. I know. Right? I'm gonna be here for 2005-05-21. Where do you work at? Kingston, at [LOCATION] Fort Catheter District School Board.

30:25

Oh, so come on off for the teacher. I'm teaching summer school, so. But it does it feels like it's off because it's an asynchronous online course. So that just looks great.

Transcript ended 2024-05-14

Subjective:

- Follow-up for abdominal pelvic ultrasound - 1976-04-15 ultrasound showed small amount of fluid in uterus, repeat ordered

- No pelvic symptoms currently - no vaginal discharge, bleeding, or pain

- Denies symptoms related to heart

- Inquiring about HRT for bone health




Past Medical History:

- History of C-section

- History of appendectomy

- History of hypertension

- Osteoporosis - declined treatment in 1995-04-20, does not want to take injections long-term

- Previous cardiac workup with Dr. Patient 303 in 1992-09-07 - transthoracic echocardiogram showed normal diastolic function with small pericardial effusion (<5-10mm adjacent to [LOCATION] and ventricle), stress echocardiogram showed no blockages, Holter monitor completed

- Quit alcohol in 2025 - no alcohol in over a yr




Objective:

- Abdominal pelvic ultrasound (2016-06-06): [LOCATION] abdominal aorta. Pancreatic head and body normal. Liver normal with patent portal vein demonstrating antegrade flow, marginal steatosis. Gallbladder within normal limits. Kidneys normal. No kidney stones or gallstones. No aortic aneurysm. No fluid in peritoneal cavity. Uterus measures 5x2 cm, anteverted, anteflexed. Endometrium 3mm. Ovaries not seen transabdominally. Questionable small pericardial effusion noted.

- Patient 2551 echocardiogram (1987-03-05): Normal diastolic function, small pericardial effusion <5-10mm adjacent to [LOCATION] and ventricle

- Stress echocardiogram (1985-05-28): No blockages

- Liver function tests (2003-06-09): Normal




Assessment & Plan:




1. Questionable pericardial effusion on abdominal ultrasound

- Previous echocardiogram in 1994-06-19 showed small pericardial effusion - Dr. Patient 303 reassured at that time that it was not expanding

- Referral to Dr. Patient 303 for repeat echocardiogram to compare measurements and ensure no worsening




2. Atheromatous abdominal aorta

- Plaque formation in aorta, age-related finding




3. Hepatic steatosis

- Marginal congestion in liver

- Liver function tests normal - no concern

- Not a significant drinker




4. Pelvic ultrasound follow-up

- No fluid in uterus on current ultrasound - resolved




5. Osteoporosis

- Declined treatment in 1976-01-14 discussed - counselled on risks including arrhythmia, 0.3% increased risk of breast cancer, blood clots

- Kay declines HRT given cardiac risk concerns




6. Copy of ultrasound results provided