Transcript started 1972-09-02

0:00

She got her career. Alright. If she says so Yeah, I like money. I like money. Money. Oh, you're like one of those. You're like my son.

0:10

Love yourself before someone else do. Yeah. In the words of Patient 1993, if you can't love yourself, how the hell are you gonna love somebody else? I should spend some time with you, babies. Alright. So last time we saw you was 2008-11-28, baby doll. You had ingrown

0:31

Toenails bilaterally. Infection had resolved. Resolved ingrown toenails. Conservative treatment like soaking nightly, pull out up the skin to ensure that the nail starts growing forward, not to cut your nails too short, and you will be due for your tetanus shot 1993-05-05. She still has that infection and came back. No way. Yeah. And now she's just the one. No. Actually, the left foot's doing fine, but the right foot's weird, but I've been soaking it a lot. Now she does not. Oh, you did not soak in the middle when I told you to soak. It was all healed up, and now then we had 2019-07-20. They're like, you soak it

1:11

No. So then it came back. Now she's all about the soaking because now she knows. She soaks everything. Why don't we just chop it then? I had the same thing when I was her age. Mine lasted till I was, like, seventeen when my father came. Yeah. But you had it on the both sides of your foot. On the one toe, and I had to get surgery on it, and it was amazing. Like, eight needles in there. Acid burned it up. Eight needles. It was great. She doesn't even like it. Doctor said I should never do that again. So wait. So when did this so it's on the right foot now? Yeah. The regrown looks good. On the right foot's fine. And we're asking if there's a different kind of cream to use. What kind of cream are you using now? Patient 1992 reducing acid. Let's That's the thing.

1:52

Okay, then I guess is there any But that's an antifungal cream. Who gave you that cream? Uh, Doctor Patient 22. Patient 22? Patient 22. Yeah. Here? A while ago. Yeah. That was in 2005-06-06. Fucetin cream. Yeah. And the antibiotic pills. Yeah. Do you think she got some new pills last time? They didn't work as well as the ones she had previous. Yeah. The Patient 22 gave her the bigger, bigger ones in 2019-10-11. And then and they never actually healed from those pills. I told you not to cut it too short. Okay. So what happened? Why did you listen? I didn't cut it. So what happened was it got caught. The left side got caught. So I trimmed it. So the right side was up. Now I trimmed it so it was like a block. So the right side was up because I didn't want the right side to get infected. It also has a club.

2:43

So then put on things? No. So So then I was sleeping, and it got covered by blanket and got ripped off. So that's what that's why it's bugged. Yeah. It got ripped off by the point. She doesn't because I don't like socks. She doesn't like wearing cats when she's sleeping. See, I mean, this is so irregular. It's going to rip up again because you did it should it because it's so irregular. It's so irregular. It's going to catch up on something again, and it will just the same circle again. Yeah. Circle down. They should just cover it like a lace. Right. Why don't you cover it with a Band Aid until it starts growing and cut straight?

3:24

Yeah. Okay. So we had, like, they were too easy. We had big yeah. It's like a conversation with her every day. No. We had, like, big Band Aids that I liked because my mom said they were too big, and they would always, like, slip to the bottom of my sock. They were too big. Just cover it with the band Band Aid until it starts it grows out. We have, like, tiny Band Aids. Can you just, like, not? You can get more of your. But the big Band Aids always slip off my front toe on my heel. You know, she wants the rainbow Band Aid. I that's why it's this I have the rainbow ones. The normal ones that aren't rainbow don't work, apparently. Yeah. So the problem with this is if you're using your blanket or whatever, the sock, it's going to catch on one of these pokey ones

4:07

And it's going to rip again. And then Why don't when you when it catches it just Until it starts growing rapid with a band aid, bud. It's not that big deal and it's infected again. So how often are you putting the are you doing the the the treatment, like, at night soaking pot? Well, I soak it when my mom yells at me because that's every day. And then I put band aid and stuff on it. How often is yelling pot happening? In a while, she's been Once a week? No. Once once a day. She's been really good 2014-08-16. One once a day. And then but if my toe hurts, I'll soak it twice. So, like, during tech week where I had no free time because we had we were in a play

4:49

Before we left, I would soak it. And then after, because I had to wear weird shoes that would make my foot hurt, I would soak it again. No. So she's being reactive, not collective. That's the problem. Okay. Now this set. I'm going to give you 1972-10-17. 1988-05-09? In two if it's not any better, then we're chopping it up. I'm going to ask a surgeon to take it up. Okay. I don't want to. You don't want you to. But I have it. You don't want to. But if this is not going to You don't like needles? No. You should give me the meds because the last doctor that gave me meds gave me the he gave me big pills that, like, soaked. They didn't And they didn't work as well as the ones Doctor. Palison

5:32

Patient 22 gave you He gave me small ones that worked really well. Who is they? Who is wait. Patient 22 is the one who gave you the the big ones. No? No. It was some other guy. I forget his last name, but his first name was Patient 772. Okay. So that the Cabin guys didn't work? They worked. They were the ones I used the most recently. They didn't work as well as the two And they didn't work as well. You can't keep taking But Patient 22 gave you the same. No. He gave me tiny ones in the I don't know. That's the same name, though. Ciflaxin. Yeah. But they were 1997-02-20. They were different shape, and the other doctor was like, well, let's try these different generic ones. Yeah. It's the same one they gave. Both of them.

6:14

And that's the only treatment anyways. Oh, you're getting money. Maybe the there are two generatic companies. One is Patient 1991, one is Apple. Maybe that's the but the the salt was the same. Just tell the pharmacy to give you the smaller ones. And so we don't chop it off. Pour a little acid on there. This would be great. Four times a day, Patient 665. Got it? Yeah. Yeah. So Do you want the liquid rather? Liquid? No. Ew. So you can swallow a little toes. I like to better than liquid. She's you know? I don't swallow, though. I guess. You will have to.

6:54

Just liquid refill. Okay, liquid. Fresh out the pill, put it in water. She'll, like, print the prescription. Yes, please. I want to see you back in 2016-02-15. Did you hear that? Yeah. Remember it right there. Anything else for her? Do I have to stay away from physical activity? No. No, not necessarily. As long as I feel it cover, as long as you cover it.

Transcript ended 2013-12-19

Subjective:

- Presenting Complaint: Recurrent ingrown toenail rt foot with infection

- History of Presenting Complaint: Last seen 1984-06-15 for bilateral ingrown toenails - infection had resolved. Left foot now healed. Rt foot infection returned after not soaking as advised during busy period. Nail caught on blanket and ripped off. Currently soaking once daily, twice if toe hurts. Using antifungal cream (terbinafine) and fucetin cream (prescribed by Dr. Patient 22 in 2012-10-20). Previous ciprofloxacin tablets - smaller ones worked well, larger generic ones did not work as well.

- Associated Symptoms: Pain with certain footwear during theatre performances




Past Medical History:

- History of bilateral ingrown toenails - resolved on left, recurrent on rt

- Tetanus shot due 1972-02-25




Objective:

- Rt foot: ingrown toenail with irregular nail edges, infection present

- Left foot: healed




Assessment & Plan:




1. Recurrent ingrown toenail rt foot with infection

- Diagnosis: Recurrent ingrown toenail rt foot with infection

- Treatment planned: Continue soaking 2024-05-05, cover with bandaid until nail grows out, cut nails straight, ciprofloxacin liquid prescribed - request smaller tablets from pharmacy if preferred

- Referrals: Surgical referral if not improved in 1984-10-20

- rtc 2 wks

- No activity restrictions as long as toe is covered