Patient 7 started 2020-12-18? Hi. Doctor. Agarwal calling? Yes, sir. Yes, ma'am. Sorry. I think we are calling regarding the ultrasound. Right?

0:17

Uh, yeah, there's been a couple. I've had the, uh, ultrasound of the, uh, the abdomen, and I've had the ultrasound on my hands. Right, right. Okay, let's go back. Um, wait 1970-06-15. When did I see you last?

0:38

Um, 1988-09-21, I think. Okay. So, uh, you also see Dr. Sad and then Dr. Patient 726. Your ultrasound of the hand I have, which shows that there is some arthritis in the first joint by the thumb, and, uh, the sec- first, second, and third, um, uh, compartments appear normal, but the flexor polystyrene tendon sheath shows some fluid. There is a thickening. Findings are there is an inflammation of the thumb area. There is like a tendonitis. You have- Okay. They said possible tendonitis of that tendon. Otherwise, no fractures-

1:26

Or no tears are seen. So how bad is your thumb? How bad is that hand? Uh, it's getting worse, I think. Uh, I was beginning to think that, uh, because the pain is spreading, like, uh, across the, uh, the back of the hand towards, uh, about the middle finger. And, uh, the the thumb sometimes locks in position, and I have very little strength in that hand. I can barely hold on to the, uh, bottle of dish soap to squeeze the soap for the dishes. Right. They can they said there's that tendon is inflamed on the thumb, and there is an arthritis there, eh? Yeah. So did you put some heat there? Do you take any medicine for that?

2:18

Put some Voltaren on it and just the the pain pills. I don't know what else I can take with the What pain pills? The Tylenol? No. It's It's a Kirkland brand. Five hundred milligrams of Acetamino. Yeah. Yeah. And you can take that to how many times in a day are you taking that? I usually just take it at 1997-03-02 to help me sleep. And does it help you sleep? Well, it does begin with, and then it wears off. But

3:08

I don't know. Uh, I don't wanna take too many of them because I'm also taking the, uh, low-dose aspirin for my heart. Yeah, but Tylenol is fine. But the thing is, how bad is the pain is? How bad the pain is now? Uh, right now, probably, uh, a six out of ten. And you didn't take any medicine 2001-02-01 then? No. Well, it's inflamed. The other option would be to inject it, but I would cha- increase the Tylenol first, see if the inflammation goes down a bit.

3:49

Okay. Maybe 2010-11-02 a day for a week and then see how it goes. Okay then. And then come and see me if it doesn't get better. Okay. Okay. Other option is, as I said, to give get the injections done in the hand. I've had those before, and they don't the I can't think of the name of the drug. Cortisone did absolutely nothing for me. So I guess it's gonna have to be the Tylenol and we'll see how that works. Yeah. Why don't you take 1972-12-02 a day and then let's see how it works? Yeah.

4:32

Okay. Uh, anything more on the, um, ultrasound of my, uh, urinary tract? Who had ordered that ultrasound? Um, it must have been you. I don't have that. And then after that one, you, uh, referred me to, uh, Patient 1008. Yeah, you already saw Patient 1008. Well, yeah, but, uh, I also, I have an appointment at the hospital on the, uh, 1992-01-16 for, uh, some kind of-

5:13

Slice copy or something. I mean, he didn't even have the the didn't look at the results of the the ultrasound. The ultrasound I have is the cystocele and the pelvic ultrasound, and that was fine. The one I ordered, that was in 1979-04-08. So I mean, it the bladder is falling out. Yeah. That's a prolapse. Developing male genitals. Yeah. Let let him first do the scope, and then we'll we we may need the surgery then. We'll see. Okay. Okay then. Okay. Okay. Alright. Give me some Tylenol. Yeah.

5:53

Let's see how it goes. Thank you. Okay, bye. Thanks.

Transcript ended 2000-03-01

Patient 7 started 2021-01-29? Hi. Doctor. Agarwal calling? Yes, sir. Yes, ma'am. Sorry. I think we are calling regarding the ultrasound. Right?

0:17

Uh, yeah, there's been a couple. I've had the, uh, ultrasound of the, uh, the abdomen, and I've had the ultrasound on my hands. Right, right. Okay, let's go back. Um, wait 1973-04-02. When did I see you last?

0:38

Um, 2004-08-28, I think. Okay. So, uh, you also see Dr. Sad and then Dr. Patient 726. Your ultrasound of the hand I have, which shows that there is some arthritis in the first joint by the thumb, and, uh, the sec- first, second, and third, um, uh, compartments appear normal, but the flexor polystyrene tendon sheath shows some fluid. There is a thickening. Findings are there is an inflammation of the thumb area. There is like a tendonitis. You have- Okay. They said possible tendonitis of that tendon. Otherwise, no fractures-

1:26

Or no tears are seen. So how bad is your thumb? How bad is that hand? Uh, it's getting worse, I think. Uh, I was beginning to think that, uh, because the pain is spreading, like, uh, across the, uh, the back of the hand towards, uh, about the middle finger. And, uh, the the thumb sometimes locks in position, and I have very little strength in that hand. I can barely hold on to the, uh, bottle of dish soap to squeeze the soap for the dishes. Right. They can they said there's that tendon is inflamed on the thumb, and there is an arthritis there, eh? Yeah. So did you put some heat there? Do you take any medicine for that?

2:18

Put some Voltaren on it and just the the pain pills. I don't know what else I can take with the What pain pills? The Tylenol? No. It's It's a Kirkland brand. Five hundred milligrams of Acetamino. Yeah. Yeah. And you can take that to how many times in a day are you taking that? I usually just take it at 2016-11-29 to help me sleep. And does it help you sleep? Well, it does begin with, and then it wears off. But

3:08

I don't know. Uh, I don't wanna take too many of them because I'm also taking the, uh, low-dose aspirin for my heart. Yeah, but Tylenol is fine. But the thing is, how bad is the pain is? How bad the pain is now? Uh, right now, probably, uh, a six out of ten. And you didn't take any medicine 1984-07-21 then? No. Well, it's inflamed. The other option would be to inject it, but I would cha- increase the Tylenol first, see if the inflammation goes down a bit.

3:49

Okay. Maybe 2016-10-22 a day for a week and then see how it goes. Okay then. And then come and see me if it doesn't get better. Okay. Okay. Other option is, as I said, to give get the injections done in the hand. I've had those before, and they don't the I can't think of the name of the drug. Cortisone did absolutely nothing for me. So I guess it's gonna have to be the Tylenol and we'll see how that works. Yeah. Why don't you take 1980-07-13 a day and then let's see how it works? Yeah.

4:32

Okay. Uh, anything more on the, um, ultrasound of my, uh, urinary tract? Who had ordered that ultrasound? Um, it must have been you. I don't have that. And then after that one, you, uh, referred me to, uh, Patient 1008. Yeah, you already saw Patient 1008. Well, yeah, but, uh, I also, I have an appointment at the hospital on the, uh, 2006-10-22 for, uh, some kind of-

5:13

Slice copy or something. I mean, he didn't even have the the didn't look at the results of the the ultrasound. The ultrasound I have is the cystocele and the pelvic ultrasound, and that was fine. The one I ordered, that was in 2004-03-02. So I mean, it the bladder is falling out. Yeah. That's a prolapse. Developing male genitals. Yeah. Let let him first do the scope, and then we'll we we may need the surgery then. We'll see. Okay. Okay then. Okay. Okay. Alright. Give me some Tylenol. Yeah.

5:53

Let's see how it goes. Thank you. Okay, bye. Thanks.

Transcript ended 2017-08-08

Subjective:

- Phone call to discuss ultrasound results

- Hand/thumb: Pain spreading across back of hand towards middle finger, thumb sometimes locks in position, very little strength in hand - barely able to hold dish soap bottle to squeeze

- Current pain: 1983-02-14

- Current treatment: Voltaren topically, acetaminophen 500mg at night for sleep - helps initially then wears off

- Previous cortisone injections: No effect




Past Medical History:

- Cardiac condition - on low-dose aspirin

- Cystocele




Objective:

- Ultrasound hand: Arthritis in first joint by thumb, first, second and third compartments appear normal, flexor pollicis longus tendon sheath shows fluid with thickening, inflammation of thumb area, possible tendonitis, no tears seen

- Pelvic ultrasound: Patient 2512 noted




Assessment & Plan:




1. Tendonitis/arthritis of thumb

- Diagnosis: Tendonitis of thumb, arthritis of first joint

- Treatment planned: Increase acetaminophen to 2-3 times daily for 1989-09-02

- Referrals: None

- Investigations planned: None

- rtc if no improvement




2. Cystocele

- Diagnosis: Cystocele

- Treatment planned: Await cystoscopy

- Referrals: None

- Investigations planned: Cystoscopy scheduled 1971-07-16

- Surgery may be considered following scope