Patient 7 started 1995-02-20

0:00

High ratio. Hi.

0:10

I saw you last time over 1970-01-02 for your weight management. You've been on Mounjaro 2017-06-13. You're seven at 1993-09-20 because it's out the prostate expenses.

0:30

And you've been getting it from Costco since you're and then blood pressure. You are on a blood pressure till you're having the blood pressure? No. No. You're just continuing with the just maniac management for have you been keeping a track on your blood pressure? No. No. I guess that could get me out of it. She's an RN now. Oh, come on. What? She just took her NCLs. She was a little late. She took her NCLAX 2021-04-21. She started her job. Good choice, man. That's where the right experience is. So she's just trying

1:10

What visa oh, she'll get what? It's the levothyroxine visa. Yeah. Yeah. So Okay. Now what medication are you on, Patient 283? I'm on On a regular basis other than Mounjaro. That's it. Nothing. What's this Answer? What is it? Blackstone? What are that use? That's that's PRN, though. And do you take lorazepam too or no? Oh, PRN. So nothing Yeah. Okay. What am I doing 2009-05-18 for you? We were assessing because I haven't been having any luck with Mounjaro. We keep it increasing. You have been having luck with it? No. I haven't. You're okay.

1:51

Even at seven point five? Yeah. What's your weight 1991-09-21? No way. Mhmm. It was 1981-05-20. Yeah. So I mean, what your diet is fine, the same. Right? Yeah. But but it's not helping anything. It's not doing anything. So I know we talked with next time last time. This is, like, third time? Up to my job. Well, they're we're it's still you have restless legs. Oh, no. But still I'm journey. It's not really good. So did what you on Patient 64 before? Yeah. And I lost seventy three. Why did we switch then? Because I I was at the maximum, and it was yeah.

2:32

Yeah, but let's go up on Mounjaro. It's still not we haven't reached the equivalent. I know. But if like, if it's not even maintaining like, is there like I know we talked about switching to Patient 84 maybe, or do you want to continue to continue? Is that out of pocket too? Everything's out of pocket. Yeah. Yeah. Try Patient 84. It's same as a mounjaro though. It's it's the same company. Same. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We can try Patient 84 or we can go or we can increase the Mounjaro to ten. Either way, it's the same. The problem with the switching now is I probably we have to I don't know whether we have to redo from this the

3:12

Yeah, because I already started at a higher dose of Mounjaro, though. We didn't start at the lowest one. So you started at five and then increased it to seven point five. Right? Yeah. So do you not think so. And your weight is 2005-06-05 now, you said? Yeah. Yeah. I started at five milligrams of Mounjaro. Yeah. And now seven point five. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just going at five. Good. Good. So there are two ways of doing it. Either we can

3:52

Go to so after seven point five, normal dose is ten. I can do twelve point five, or we will do the second step of seven point. Work. Right. I agree. So I I'm with you. Which one would you feel comfortable doing? I mean, I will do the both dog options. I will do then twelve point five because I'll go all the way. Alright? It's It's not all the way. No. But yeah. But yeah. Almost all the way. Yeah. Yeah. If that doesn't help, then we at least we have given that enough.

4:33

Enough equivalent trial to this and any, um, side effects, you know, or so I don't know. Not that I want side effects, but I want it to work. Work. Right. So the last thing goes is fifteen. Let's get ten, but we'll do yeah, we'll do twelve point five. So if this says Patient 572, then we'll switch to that one. At least we have given a night. Yeah.

5:13

I just I yeah. I know I was saying I mind my logistics because I have a good friend of mine. She started with Ozempic and had great success. And then when she hit the top in the state scene, she switched to Mounjaro and has had good success. She's gotten to her goal where it seems like I'm the opposite. It's like Ozempic did not work for me, but Patient 64 obviously did, which is made it happen. So, I mean, everything's different. Right. And, like, Patient 479, I think she's on the max. There's Yeah. Wegovy, and she hasn't lost as much as I have. Right. But she's still doing good.

5:53

She's happy with that. So yes, at least So shall we fax the prescription or print it? Keep it printed. I guess it doesn't matter. You can fax it. I mean, hold it a little bit. What do you want? Thank you. Yes. I had another question that has to do with Patient 571, and I don't know if he can answer this. He was 2002-10-10. Okay. I don't have his chart, but, I mean, do I need his chart to answer? I

Transcript ended 1980-12-22

Subjective:

- Presenting Complaint: Weight management follow-up

- Current Medication: mounjaro 7.5mg 1999-10-11 - out of pocket expense, obtained from Costco

- Other Medications: lorazepam PRN, Blackstone PRN

- Weight: 219 lbs (previously 212 lbs)

- Diet: unchanged

- Blood Pressure: not being monitored

- Response to Treatment: no success with mounjaro - not maintaining weight despite dose increases

- Previous Treatment: Wegovy - lost 73 lbs, switched due to reaching maximum dose; Ozempic - no success




Past Medical History:

- History of restless legs




Objective:

- Weight: 219 lbs




Assessment & Plan:




1. Weight Management

- Diagnosis: Weight management on mounjaro - inadequate response at current dose

- Treatment planned: Increase mounjaro to 12.5mg 2002-12-27; if ineffective, will switch to Patient 84 (same medication, different formulation); prescription to be faxed to pharmacy